README.md, before:

# Project2-Team-Oak

## Project Description

Users will be able to access various statistics about the data set.
- Mean and median, max and min, standard deviation, and range for the dollar price of the Big Mac on a yearly basis.
- PPP via Big Mac price. We are interested in the purchasing power of the dollar in other countries. Suppose that P1 and P2 are the prices of a Big Mac measured in USD (relative to the given exchange rate) in the United States and a second country, respectively. You can compute the PPP for the Big Mac by the quotient PPP = P1 / P2. 
    - If PPP > 1, then the goods are cheaper in the second country, and their currency is undervalued (retire there).
    - If PPP < 1, then goods are more expensive in the second country, and their current is overvalued (don't retire there).
- PPP for each region. We can create a heat map that identifies which countries have a stronger currency (in terms of the Big Mac Index). 
- Analyze the change in the PPP over time for specified countries. 


## Requirements

### "The Data"
Select an external data source. It must:
- Be open in nature (no paid data sources)
- Be available in CSV (comma separated value) or JSON (javascript object notation)
- Contain at least 200 individual entries

### "The Application"
Write a python application to provide an interface and analysis of the data source.

### Technical Requirements:
- The application must be written in Python
- Provide an interactive terminal interface
- Handle any exceptions or errors gracefully
- Let the user continue running the application until they choose to exit the program
- Allow the user to choose which file/source to read data from
- Provide an option to the user to examine individual entries
- Provide an option to the user to examine sets of similar data based on a sort and/or filter functionality

## Style Guide
- Classes: PascalCase
- Functions and Methods: camelCase
- variables: snake_case

Commit message:

Update project description for Revature portfolio requirement.

README.md, after:

# Project2-Team-Oak

## Project Description

Economists use the price of a Big Mac as a measure of the current state of the economy. The Big Mac Index and PPP, calculated via the price of a Big Mac, is used to compare the relative strength of currencies. This project contains a data analysis tool for analyzing Big Mac data. It can be used to generate a swathe of reports and graphs related to the Big Mac Index. Users can run the program interactively to explore the data by filtering and sorting before generating reports, or headlessly by specifying which reports to produce at runtime. By using this program and analyzing the Big Mac Index, users will be able to gain insight into economic dynamics and currency exchange rates around the globe.

## PPP

Users will be able to access various statistics about the data set.
- Mean and median, max and min, standard deviation, and range for the dollar price of the Big Mac on a yearly basis.
- PPP via Big Mac price. We are interested in the purchasing power of the dollar in other countries. Suppose that P1 and P2 are the prices of a Big Mac measured in USD (relative to the given exchange rate) in the United States and a second country, respectively. You can compute the PPP for the Big Mac by the quotient PPP = P1 / P2. 
    - If PPP > 1, then the goods are cheaper in the second country, and their currency is undervalued (retire there).
    - If PPP < 1, then goods are more expensive in the second country, and their current is overvalued (don't retire there).
- PPP for each region. We can create a heat map that identifies which countries have a stronger currency (in terms of the Big Mac Index). 
- Analyze the change in the PPP over time for specified countries. 


## Requirements

### "The Data"
Select an external data source. It must:
- Be open in nature (no paid data sources)
- Be available in CSV (comma separated value) or JSON (javascript object notation)
- Contain at least 200 individual entries

### "The Application"
Write a python application to provide an interface and analysis of the data source.

### Technical Requirements:
- The application must be written in Python
- Provide an interactive terminal interface
- Handle any exceptions or errors gracefully
- Let the user continue running the application until they choose to exit the program
- Allow the user to choose which file/source to read data from
- Provide an option to the user to examine individual entries
- Provide an option to the user to examine sets of similar data based on a sort and/or filter functionality

## Style Guide
- Classes: PascalCase
- Functions and Methods: camelCase
- variables: snake_case
